For a long time inside of javascript people have wanted to be able to create their own custom array
types.
And unfortunately due to the way that E.S. 5 and before that kind of classical inheritance works it's
very difficult to accomplish that goal with classical inheritance.
But one of the goals of iOS 6 was to make it to where we can inherit from all basic types or all built
in types I should say so that we can make our own custom types.
So I'll give you an example of this.
For example I could do class my array and then I could extend a built in type like array and we'll just
leave this empty inside of here.
But then what I can do is to instantiate it all do Konst are equals new my array like so and this is
just a simple example to illustrate the concept and then I could treat it just like an array.
So for the zero index I'll add a 1 and then I'll just cancel it out log the first index like so if I
can get it right there we go in see cancelled out logs that then I can check out the array lengths I'll
do counsel that log read at length and it should be 1 and then I'll take a read out length instead of
equal to zero.
So go down here.
We'll set this equal to zero and then we'll try to cancelbot log the array again.
So we'll go down here and try to cancel that log again and you can see it's undefined.
So in other words I can work with the indices to affect the length or I can work with the length to
affect the numeric values that are inside of the array.
So this is really powerful and allows us to create our own built in types and it can be based on just
an array or I could create my own custom type that's based on an array and another builtin type.
So this offers us a lot of flexibility in how we define our programs and how we create our paradigms.